feat: Vault entity page (#199)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_includes/components/entity_example/format/ui.md

3. Enter a unique name for the Upstream. For example: `{{ include.presenter.data['name'] }}`.
4. Click **Save**.
{% when workspace %}
{% when 'vault' %}
The following creates a new Vault with basic configuration:

1. In Kong Manager or Gateway Manager, navigate to a control plane and click **Vaults** in the sidebar.
2. Click **New Vault**.
3. Select a configuration for the Vault. For example: `{{ include.presenter.data['name'] }}`

> 1. Enter a prefix for the Vault. For example: `{{ include.presenter.data['config.prefix'] }}`

Author: This one isn't rendering. Is it because it's nested in config?

Reviewer: It should be `{{ include.presenter.data['prefix'] }}`

Author: ```suggestion
1. Enter a prefix for the Vault. For example: `{{ include.presenter.data['prefix'] }}`
```
